README.md, before:

# Awesome Scoop

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A curated list of Scoop resources, and more.

[Scoop](https://scoop.sh) is a command-line installer for Windows.
It installs programs from the command line with a minimal amount of friction.

## Contents

- [Community](#community)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [License](#license)

## Community

- [Homepage](https://scoop.sh)
- [GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller)
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/s9yRQHt)
- [Gitter](https://gitter.im/lukesampson/scoop)
- [Documentation](https://scoop.netlify.com/) UNOFFICIAL

## Resources

- [Scoop Directory](https://github.com/rasa/scoop-directory): Bucket list by GitHub score
- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/issues)
- [Wiki](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/wiki)
- Buckets
  - [Main](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Main) OFFICIAL
  - [Extras](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop-extras) OFFICIAL
  - [Java](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Java) OFFICIAL
  - [Versions](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Versions) OFFICIAL
  - [PHP](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/PHP) OFFICIAL
  - [Games](https://github.com/Calinou/scoop-games)
  - [Nightlies](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Nightlies) OFFICIAL (Deprecated)
  - [nirsoft](https://github.com/kodybrown/scoop-nirsoft)
  - [nerd-fonts](https://github.com/matthewjberger/scoop-nerd-fonts)
  - [nonportable](https://github.com/oltolm/scoop-nonportable)
  - [jetbrains](https://github.com/Ash258/Scoop-JetBrains)
  - [retools](https://github.com/TheCjw/scoop-retools)
  - [h404bi/dorado](https://github.com/h404bi/dorado)
  - [rasa/scoops](https://github.com/rasa/scoops)
  - [hermanjustnu/scoop-emulators](https://github.com/hermanjustnu/scoop-emulators)
  - [wangzq/scoop-bucket](https://github.com/wangzq/scoop-bucket)
  - [liaoya/scoop-bucket](https://github.com/liaoya/scoop-bucket)
- Related Projects
  - [concfg](https://github.com/lukesampson/concfg)
  - [pshazz](https://github.com/lukesampson/pshazz)
  - [psutils](https://github.com/lukesampson/psutils)

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Chawye Hsu](https://github.com/h404bi) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Add another documentation site (#3)
* add the latest documentation site

[Why I build another doc site](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/issues/2609#issuecomment-509773151)

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Awesome Scoop

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A curated list of Scoop resources, and more.

[Scoop](https://scoop.sh) is a command-line installer for Windows.
It installs programs from the command line with a minimal amount of friction.

## Contents

- [Community](#community)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [License](#license)

## Community

- [Homepage](https://scoop.sh)
- [GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller)
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/s9yRQHt)
- [Gitter](https://gitter.im/lukesampson/scoop)
- [Documentation](https://scoop.netlify.com/) UNOFFICIAL
- [Documentation](https://scoop-docs.now.sh/) UNOFFICIAL (latest documentation and more features, unlike the former unmaintaind one)

## Resources

- [Scoop Directory](https://github.com/rasa/scoop-directory): Bucket list by GitHub score
- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/issues)
- [Wiki](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/wiki)
- Buckets
  - [Main](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Main) OFFICIAL
  - [Extras](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop-extras) OFFICIAL
  - [Java](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Java) OFFICIAL
  - [Versions](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Versions) OFFICIAL
  - [PHP](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/PHP) OFFICIAL
  - [Games](https://github.com/Calinou/scoop-games)
  - [Nightlies](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Nightlies) OFFICIAL (Deprecated)
  - [nirsoft](https://github.com/kodybrown/scoop-nirsoft)
  - [nerd-fonts](https://github.com/matthewjberger/scoop-nerd-fonts)
  - [nonportable](https://github.com/oltolm/scoop-nonportable)
  - [jetbrains](https://github.com/Ash258/Scoop-JetBrains)
  - [retools](https://github.com/TheCjw/scoop-retools)
  - [h404bi/dorado](https://github.com/h404bi/dorado)
  - [rasa/scoops](https://github.com/rasa/scoops)
  - [hermanjustnu/scoop-emulators](https://github.com/hermanjustnu/scoop-emulators)
  - [wangzq/scoop-bucket](https://github.com/wangzq/scoop-bucket)
  - [liaoya/scoop-bucket](https://github.com/liaoya/scoop-bucket)
- Related Projects
  - [concfg](https://github.com/lukesampson/concfg)
  - [pshazz](https://github.com/lukesampson/pshazz)
  - [psutils](https://github.com/lukesampson/psutils)

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Chawye Hsu](https://github.com/h404bi) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
